Python: Getting Started aiohttp (#7814)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/configuration/integrations/aiohttp.mdx

)
```

## Verify

```python
import asyncio
import aiohttp

async def main():
    sentry_sdk.init(...)  # same as above

    with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(name="testing_sentry"):
        async with aiohttp.ClientSession() as session:
            async with session.get("https://sentry.io/") as response:
                print("Status:", response.status)
            async with session.post("http://httpbin.org/post") as response:
                print("Status:", response.status)

asyncio.run(main())
```

> This will create a transaction called `testing_sentry` in the Performance section of Sentry and will create spans for the outgoing HTTP requests.
> 
> It takes a couple moments until the data shows up in Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a transaction called `testing_sentry` in the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) and will create spans for the outgoing HTTP requests.

It takes a couple of moments for the data to appear in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).
```
